Add warning on egress gw instructions (#8214)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway/index.md

1.  Create an egress `Gateway` for _edition.cnn.com_, port 80, and a destination rule for
    traffic directed to the egress gateway.

    {{< warning >}}

>     When following these steps for additional hosts, do not create these resources again. In stead modify the resources

Reviewer: c/In stead/instead

>     {{< warning >}}
>     When following these steps for additional hosts, do not create these resources again. Instead modify the resources
>     to work with multiple hosts. The `Gateway` resource accepts a list of hosts, or use `'*'` to match all. The `subset`
>     in the `DestinationRule` can be reused for additional hosts. Adding an additional `DestinationRule` targetting the
>     same Egress Gateway may result in undefined behavior.
>     {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer 2: This isn't exactly true, and I think too much detail for here.
You can use more than one Gateway as long as you avoid [port name conflicts](https://preliminary.istio.io/latest/docs/ops/common-problems/network-issues/#port-conflict-when-configuring-multiple-tls-hosts-in-a-gateway).

Maybe a simple tip would be appropriate:
```suggestion
    {{< tip >}}
    To direct multiple hosts through an egress gateway, you can include a list of hosts, or use `'*'` to match all, in the `Gateway`.
    The  `subset` field in the `DestinationRule` can also be reused for additional hosts.
    {{< /tip >}}
```

Author: I've used this text as basis and changed wording a little bit for the DestinationRule. Our experience is that it all falls apart quickly when not reusing the subset, so made it a bit more 'demanding'

1.  Create an egress `Gateway` for _edition.cnn.com_, a destination rule and a virtual service
    to direct the traffic through the egress gateway and from the egress gateway to the external service.

    {{< warning >}}
    When following these steps for additional hosts, do not create the `Gateway` and `DestinationRule` resources again.

>     In stead modify these two resources to work with multiple hosts. The `Gateway` resource accepts a list of hosts, or

Reviewer: c/In stead/instead
